feat: enhance test connection functions (#45)
vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management: CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## [v1.2.0](unreleased)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v1.2.0 (Unreleased)
```

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/pull/45/commits/48ca113f5f0d3edc9163c227b3b3871f636f2e81.

Enhancement:

> - Updated code to use Test-VCFConnection instead of Test-Connection 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated to use `Test-VCFConnection` instead of `Test-Connection` where applicable. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/pull/45)
```

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/pull/45/commits/48ca113f5f0d3edc9163c227b3b3871f636f2e81.

> - Updated code to use Test-EsxiConnection instead of Test-NetConnection 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Updated to use `Test-EsxiConnection` instead of `Test-NetConnection` where applicable. [GH-45](https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/pull/45)
```

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-certificate-management/pull/45/commits/48ca113f5f0d3edc9163c227b3b3871f636f2e81.
